Allow calling assertions outside tests (#258)
TypedDevs/bashunit: docs/standalone.md

# Standalone

> You can use all bashunit assertions outside any tests if you would like to use them in your already integration or e2e tests, for entire applications or executables.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use all bashunit assertions outside any tests if you would like to use them in integration or end-to-end tests, for entire applications or executables.
```
